My favorite variations of Breakout were Vortex and Devilish because I thought the UI for both was creative and
interactive. For instance in Vortex, the paddle circles around bricks that orbit, which adds complex movement in that if
the ball is hit upside down, the player must move clockwise/counterclockwise in order to save it or utilize the beam.
Additionally, the bricks would shrink randomly, so the ball would not be able to break it, further adding a layer of
difficulty. With Devilish, I thought it was very impressive in that the scene constantly changed and almost told a story
or led the player through a fun maze, which reminded me of a lot of current versus multi-player games. The paddle could
also be rotated, as the ball had to sometimes hit the bricks multiple times in order to be broken and be directed at
"monsters" trying to attack, and that made it unique from the rest.

For my version of breakout, I plan on making it space themed with stars, planets, asteroids, a dying sun, and shooting
"stars". The first level will be a general introduction round where the paddle is near the bottom of the scene (scene is
originally longer than wide), and the bricks are colored circles representing planets/asteroids as well as stars
scattered all across like below:
       o     o o
    s o  s p s
     o    s
    p   s      o
  o   o      o p o
     s    s    o

        .
      ---
s=star p=planet o=asteroid ----=paddle .=ball

As the levels increase in difficulty, the bricks will get closer together and form things like asteroid belts where the
player will have to break through the layer in order to reach the stars like so:
    s   s
   s       s    s
        p
 o o o o o o o o o
  o o o o o o o o
 o o o o o o o o o
    .
    ___
s=star p=planet o=asteroid ----=paddle .=ball

Throughout the levels there will be shooting stars, which randomly shoot out from the top of the screen down to the
bottom. If the player accidentally hits them with the balls or collects it with the paddle, the player will lose time.

The types of bricks are either stars or circles, but the asteroids/circles take 3 hits to destroy and the planets/
circles take 2 hits to destroy. Like Vortex, some bricks hold power ups, which in my version, are the planets. In each
level there are a fewer amount of planets in comparison to stars and asteroids, but when the player destroys the planet,
a power up will fall and can be collected by the player. The planets are a special color that deviates from stars and
asteroids, but since the planets are all the same color, players won't be able to tell whether or not the power up is
helpful or harmful.

Power ups include: increasing ball size, decreasing ball size, increasing paddle length, decreasing paddle length,
gaining time, losing time, increasing ball velocity, decreasing ball velocity, and adding another paddle that is
controlled differently. Cheat keys include: pressing "s" to destroy all the stars, pressing "t" to end game in total
failure, and pressing "z" to destroy all the bricks/win the game.

I mentioned time in the previous paragraph because I wanted to add it to this game like Devilish. The goal is to destroy
all of the bricks before the sun explodes and blows all of them up, ending in "fail game". Thus, instead of lives count,
there will be a timer at the bottom of the screen that shows a sun moving to the end of the bar, indicating the time
elapse and the time left. If the player drops the ball, time will decrease/the progress bar timer will be more full. I
find that adding time is substantial because it adds a new element to the game where players are not only penalized for
dropping the ball but also must complete the levels on the clock, making it more exciting and rewarding if the player
wins.




